DEVNOTES.md, before:


# DEVELOPER NOTES

## NEXT

- boards page: give option to see either personal or any of the user's team boards
    + editor/viewer...
    + create board...

- FAQ: explaining roles and functions of ProMan

- dashboard could be have these features:
    + every X seconds new stories prepended on top (almost like fb)
    + on scrolling down, older stories will be loaded

- create some sort of "log" table that logs all notable activity for dashboard

- messsages MESSAGE LOL!!!!

- show profile, edit profile (upload picture - shown in header), accept/decline invites, send join requests, cancel requests (maybe: check notifications/messages from here or separate menu)

## General

- Check foreign keys: on update, on delete what to do.
- Composite unique keys. Think where it is needed.


## Design Improvements

- drag and drop animation rework


## New Features

- account profile page
    + register page remains the same, simple
    + profile page can be accessed from menu bar
    + everything is in editable version and is a big form that can be submitted right away
        - validation applies upon submitting to all fields
        - account_name cannot be edited, only password, desc, profile pic
    + upon first login, get notification (once implemented) to upload profile picture and fill in description
    + profile pic can be seen in menu bar, placeholder pic

- search

- messages
    + ajax call every few seconds
    + toast messages

- notifications
    + ajax call every few seconds
    + toast messages

- mobile drag and drop

- limit boards/user or team, limit cards / board

- transition to connection pooling

- virtualenv

- python package


## Roles Explained

- team roles:
    + member:
        - cannot see anything by default
        - can be given either viewer or editor role to any team boards
            + viewer: can only view that board
            + editor: can edit any of the cards in board, delete cards, create cards, board itself cannot be edited/deleted
    + manager:
        - automatically gets editor role to all team boards
        - can also edit boards data, delete or create boards
        - invite accounts to team
        - accept/decline team joining requests
        - kick members from team
        - cannot set roles in team!
    + owner:
        - can set roles in team (member or manager)
        - can kick managers too (or demote them first and kick them then)

Commit message:

Switch between personal boards and team boards from boards.html is fully functional

DEVNOTES.md, after:


# DEVELOPER NOTES

## NEXT

- decorators: 475, 492
- check old main.py functions: some of them need new decorators (personal board editor, etc.)

- request.args upon boards.html rendering, pass that into template if there is, otherwise personal boards as default value, which is passed through jinja to find which team/personal option is selected

- boards page: give option to see either personal or any of the user's team boards
    + editor/viewer...
    + create board...

- FAQ: explaining roles and functions of ProMan

- dashboard could be have these features:
    + every X seconds new stories prepended on top (almost like fb)
    + on scrolling down, older stories will be loaded

- create some sort of "log" table that logs all notable activity for dashboard

- messsages MESSAGE LOL!!!!

- show profile, edit profile (upload picture - shown in header), accept/decline invites, send join requests, cancel requests (maybe: check notifications/messages from here or separate menu)

## General

- Check foreign keys: on update, on delete what to do.
- Composite unique keys. Think where it is needed.


## Design Improvements

- drag and drop animation rework


## New Features

- account profile page
    + register page remains the same, simple
    + profile page can be accessed from menu bar
    + everything is in editable version and is a big form that can be submitted right away
        - validation applies upon submitting to all fields
        - account_name cannot be edited, only password, desc, profile pic
    + upon first login, get notification (once implemented) to upload profile picture and fill in description
    + profile pic can be seen in menu bar, placeholder pic

- search

- messages
    + ajax call every few seconds
    + toast messages

- notifications
    + ajax call every few seconds
    + toast messages

- mobile drag and drop

- limit boards/user or team, limit cards / board

- transition to connection pooling

- virtualenv

- python package


## Roles Explained

- team roles:
    + member:
        - cannot see anything by default
        - can be given either viewer or editor role to any team boards
            + viewer: can only view that board
            + editor: can edit any of the cards in board, delete cards, create cards, board itself cannot be edited/deleted
    + manager:
        - automatically gets editor role to all team boards
        - can also edit boards data, delete or create boards
        - invite accounts to team
        - accept/decline team joining requests
        - kick members from team
        - cannot set roles in team!
    + owner:
        - can set roles in team (member or manager)
        - can kick managers too (or demote them first and kick them then)
